[improve][doc] Add information for Get Started and clarify configurations for JWT (#16134)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/security-jwt.md

Application specifies the token when you create the client instance. An alternative is to pass a "token supplier" (a function that returns the token when the client library needs one).

:::note

> Always use TLS transport encryption when you connect to the Pulsar service, because sending a token is equivalent to sending a password over the wire. See [Transport Encryption using TLS](security-tls-transport) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use TLS transport encryption when you connect to the Pulsar service because sending a token is equivalent to sending a password over the wire. See [Transport Encryption using TLS](security-tls-transport) for more details.
```

 * Store `my-private.key` in a safe location and only administrator can use `my-private.key` to generate new tokens.
 * `my-public.key` is distributed to all Pulsar brokers. You can publicly share this file without any security concern.

### Generate an admin role token

> Run the following command to create an admin role token, and use the generated token string as the value of `brokerClientAuthenticationParameters` in the `conf/broker.conf` or `conf/standalone.conf` file.

Reviewer 2: We also set up this token to `client.conf`.

Author: Updated in a note. PTAL.

```

:::note

Equivalent to `brokerClientAuthenticationParameters`, you need to configure `authParams` in the `conf/client.conf` file. 

:::

### Enable token authentication on Proxies

To configure proxies to authenticate clients, add the following parameters to the `conf/proxy.conf` file.

```properties

# For clients connecting to the proxy
authenticationEnabled=true
authenticationProviders=org.apache.pulsar.broker.authentication.AuthenticationProviderToken
tokenSecretKey=file:///path/to/secret.key

# For the proxy to connect to brokers
brokerClientAuthenticationPlugin=org.apache.pulsar.client.impl.auth.AuthenticationToken
brokerClientAuthenticationParameters={"token":"eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ0ZXN0LXVzZXIifQ.9OHgE9ZUDeBTZs7nSMEFIuGNEX18FLR3qvy8mqxSxXw"}
# Either configure the token string or specify to read it from a file. The following three available formats are all valid:
# brokerClientAuthenticationParameters={"token":"your-token-string"}
# brokerClientAuthenticationParameters=token:your-token-string
# brokerClientAuthenticationParameters=file:///path/to/token

```

> The proxy uses its own token when connecting to brokers. You need to configure the role token for this key pair in the `proxyRoles` of the brokers. For more details, refer to [authorization](security-authorization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proxy uses its own token when connecting to brokers. You need to configure the role token for this key pair in the `proxyRoles` of the brokers. For more information, see [authorization](security-authorization).
```
same as above
